PD-384 core dataset encryption updates (#1919)
truenas/documentation: content/CORE/CORETutorials/Storage/Pools/StorageEncryption.md

### GELI Pool Migrations

Data can be migrated from the GELI-encrypted pool to a new ZFS-encrypted pool. 
Unlock the GELI-encrypted pool before attempting any data migrations. 
The new ZFS-encrypted pool must be at least the same size as the previous GELI-encrypted pool. 
Do not delete the GELI dataset until you verify the data migration.

There are a few options to migrate data from a GELI-encrypted pool to a new ZFS-encrypted pool: 
* Using the [Replication Wizard](#using-the-replication-wizard)
* Using [file transfer](#file-transfer-method)
* Using [ZFS send and receive](#zfs-send-and-receive)

#### Using the Replication Wizard
GELI encrypted pools continue to be detected and supported in the TrueNAS web interface as **Legacy Encrypted** pools. 
As of TrueNAS version 12.0-U1, a decrypted GELI pool can migrate data to a new ZFS encrypted pool using the Replication Wizard.
{{< expand "Replication Wizard Method" "v" >}}
Start the Replication Wizard, go to **Tasks** > **Replication Task** and click **ADD**.

1. In **Source Location**, select **On this System**, then set the dataset to transfer.
2. In **Destination Location**, select **On a Different System**, then:

>    a. Create or select and exiting **SSH Connection**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   a. Create or select an existing **SSH Connection**. 
```

>       Either clicking **Create New** or select the destination system SSH connection from the list of available connections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Either click **Create New** or select the destination system SSH connection from the list of available connections.
```
